# Interface: SpanContextWithSerializedTraceState

[@ottrelite/interop-otel](../modules/ottrelite_interop_otel.md).SpanContextWithSerializedTraceState

FIXME: this is because of a bug in Nitro Modules that fails to compile TS types which recursively reference themselves; this may be dropped when Nitro fixes this issue

## Hierarchy

- `SpanContext`

  ↳ **`SpanContextWithSerializedTraceState`**

## Table of contents

### Properties

- [isRemote](./ottrelite_interop_otel.SpanContextWithSerializedTraceState.md#isremote)
- [spanId](./ottrelite_interop_otel.SpanContextWithSerializedTraceState.md#spanid)
- [traceFlags](./ottrelite_interop_otel.SpanContextWithSerializedTraceState.md#traceflags)
- [traceId](./ottrelite_interop_otel.SpanContextWithSerializedTraceState.md#traceid)
- [traceState](./ottrelite_interop_otel.SpanContextWithSerializedTraceState.md#tracestate)

## Properties

### isRemote

 `Optional` **isRemote**: `boolean`

Only true if the SpanContext was propagated from a remote parent.

#### Inherited from

SpanContext.isRemote

___

### spanId

 **spanId**: `string`

The ID of the Span. It is globally unique with practically sufficient
probability by being made as 8 randomly generated bytes, encoded as a 16
lowercase hex characters corresponding to 64 bits.

#### Inherited from

SpanContext.spanId

___

### traceFlags

 **traceFlags**: `number`

Trace flags to propagate.

It is represented as 1 byte (bitmap). Bit to represent whether trace is
sampled or not. When set, the least significant bit documents that the
caller may have recorded trace data. A caller who does not record trace
data out-of-band leaves this flag unset.

see TraceFlags for valid flag values.

#### Inherited from

SpanContext.traceFlags

___

### traceId

 **traceId**: `string`

The ID of the trace that this span belongs to. It is worldwide unique
with practically sufficient probability by being made as 16 randomly
generated bytes, encoded as a 32 lowercase hex characters corresponding to
128 bits.

#### Inherited from

SpanContext.traceId

___

### traceState

 `Optional` **traceState**: `string`

#### Overrides

SpanContext.traceState
